update doc about show analyze status #9497 (#8774)
pingcap/docs: information-schema/information-schema-analyze-status.md

The `ANALYZE_STATUS` table provides information about the running tasks that collect statistics and a limited number of history tasks.

> Since TiDB v6.1.0, the `ANALYZE_STATUS` table supports showing cluster-level tasks. Even after a TiDB restart, you can still view task records before the restart using this table. Before TiDB v6.1.0, the `ANALYZE_STATUS` table can only show instance-level tasks, and task records are cleared after a TiDB restart.

Author: ```suggestion
Starting from TiDB v6.1.0, the `ANALYZE_STATUS` table supports showing cluster-level tasks. Even after a TiDB restart, you can still view task records before the restart using this table. Before TiDB v6.1.0, the `ANALYZE_STATUS` table can only show instance-level tasks, and task records are cleared after a TiDB restart.
```

> Since TiDB v6.1.0, you can view the task history within the last 7 days through the system table `mysql.analyze_jobs`.

Author: ```suggestion
Since TiDB v6.1.0, you can view the history tasks within the last 7 days through the system table `mysql.analyze_jobs`.
```

> Since TiDB v6.1.0, you can view the history tasks within the last 7 days through the system table `mysql.analyze_jobs`.

Author: ```suggestion
Starting from TiDB v6.1.0, you can view the history tasks within the last 7 days through the system table `mysql.analyze_jobs`.
```

> Starting from TiDB v6.1.0, you can view the history tasks within the last 7 days through the system table `mysql.analyze_jobs`.

Author: ```suggestion
The `ANALYZE_STATUS` table shows the most recent task records only. Starting from TiDB v6.1.0, you can view the history tasks within the last 7 days through the system table `mysql.analyze_jobs`.
```
